In the previous video,
you received a quick look at the six steps of the CRISP-DM process.
Let's take a look at the first two steps of this process in a bit more detail.
First, CRISP-DM says you need business understanding,
but I think of data science as being more general than just business context,
you need to understand the problem.
Are you interested in acquiring new customers?
Are you interested in assessing of
a new cancer treatment outperforms existing treatments?
Are you interested in finding a better way to communicate,
or travel, or retain information?
Each of these questions falls under business understanding.
The second step of the CRISP-DM process is data understanding.
This means you need to gain an understanding of
the data necessary to answer your question.
Sometimes you might have a mountain of data at
your disposal that you need to dig through to find insights.
Other times you may need to collect data,
which means you will have to understand what kind of
data we'll be able to provide you with the insights you need.
This is often difficult to know ahead of time,
which is why businesses tend to collect all the data they can first,
so they can later identify which data they need to use to find their insights.